Need more cash? Upgrade your Cash Printers.
Need more oil? Upgrade your Oil Drills.
Click on the element tree in battle to see which elements prevail over others.
Upgrade your Hospitals to heal your x_characters faster.
Match 5 orbs in a line to create a rainbow power-up.
Match 5 orbs in an L or T shape to create a grenade power-up.
Combine a grenade and a rocket orb to activate a triple-powered rocket.
Make sure your team is always equipped with 3 x_characters to defend against attackers.
Remove obstacles to make room for new buildings in your base.
Recruit Scientists from daily events and use them to evolve new x_character forms.
Recruit Cake Kids from daily events to get huge enhancement boosts.
One of the the 2 x_characters used to Evolve needs to be max level.
Upgrade your Laboratory to speed up enhancing.
Use the Grab machines to find exciting and powerful x_characters.
Watch out for Lil’ Kim. He’s a bad apple.
Complete Achievements to earn free Purple Gems.
In Multiplayer battles, a defender's x_characters always start at full health.
Join a Squad to chat and play with others from around the world.
Dark and Light x_characters are powerful against each other.
Rock orbs are neutral.
Log in every day to earn a free Basic Grab!
Fire, Earth, and Water elements work like Rock, Paper, Scissors.
Click on a player in chat to see their profile or send them a private message.
Upgrade or build more Hospitals to increase the number of x_characters you can heal in a single queue.
Upgrade your Vaults and Silos to increase your max Cash and Oil.
Enhancing and Evolving x_characters are important for crafting a strong team.
Find all of a x_character’s pieces? See how long it will take to combine in your Team Center.
Tap on the avatar icon in the upper left corner of a x_character’s info page to make it your default avatar.
Tap on your avatar icon to see your profile.
Creating a Squad is easy... recruiting members for it is hard.
Complete Mini Jobs from your Job Center to earn extra Cash, Oil, or even free Cake Kids and Scientists.
All x_characters are grouped into Common, Rare, Super, Ultra, Epic, and Legendary.
Muting someone in chat lasts for 24 hours.
Hire Facebook friends as workers in your Residences to earn bonus slots.
Upgrade your Residences to make room for more x_characters.
Don’t wanna sell your x_characters? Use them to enhance another!
Always keep your Builder busy by upgrading your buildings.
Check the Shop for new buildings after upgrading your Command Center.
Speedups under 5 minutes are free.
Upgrade your Job Center to increase the rewards given out by Mini Jobs.
Upgrade your Team Center to increase the power limit of your team.
Upgrade your Oil Drills and Cash Printers to keep the resources coming in fast.
Help your Squad and they’ll help you back!
Every time you complete a stage on the Attack Map you earn a free spin in the Ultimate Grab.
Fire x_characters deal extra damage to Earth x_characters.
Earth x_characters deal extra damage to Water x_characters.
Water x_characters deal extra damage to Fire x_characters.
Use the same element when enhancing to get an XP boost.
ABC. Always be catching (x_characters).